Redis scaler example (#373)
kyma-project/keda-manager: examples/redis-scaler/Readme.md

> ## Scenario

Reviewer: Please change the file name to README.md

> This example realises scaling of jobs based on the size of [list](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/lists/) in redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example realizes the scaling of jobs based on the size of [list](https://redis.io/docs/data-types/lists/) in Redis.
```

> Each job, when scheduled, is poping a message from the list and stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When scheduled, each job pops a message from the list and stops.
```

> Additionally there is a function that awaits  HTTP trafic and populates messages to redis list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, there is a function that awaits  HTTP traffic and populates messages to the Redis list.
```

![diagram](assets/scenario.drawio.svg)

> ## Prerequisistes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

>  - `KUBECONFIG` env variable pointing to a kubernetes instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `KUBECONFIG` env variable pointing to a Kubernetes instance
```

>  - helm client installed locally in your machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Helm client installed locally on your machine
```

>  - keda and serverless modules enabled in th kyma cluster (`make ensure_kyma_modules`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The Keda and Serverless modules enabled in the kyma cluster (`make ensure_kyma_modules`)
```

## Deploy 

> ### Deploy redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy Redis
```

> Install redis into `redis` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Redis in the `redis` namespace.
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sh
```

> kubectl create ns redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl create ns redis
```

> helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   helm repo add bitnami https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami
```

> helm repo update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   helm repo update
```

> helm install my-release bitnami/redis --namespace redis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   helm install my-release bitnami/redis --namespace redis
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please add three spaces in line 27. When I try to add it as a suggestion, they disappear.

> ### Deploy example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy the example
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sh
```

> make deploy_app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   make deploy_app
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please add three spaces in line 33. When I try to add it as a suggestion, they disappear.

```

### Verify

Observe pods in redis namespace. There is one function pod and redis itself.
```sh
kubectl get pods -n redis -w
NAME                                READY   STATUS        RESTARTS        AGE
my-release-redis-master-0           1/1     Running       0               9h
my-release-redis-replicas-1         1/1     Running       0               9h
my-release-redis-replicas-2         1/1     Running       5 (6h50m ago)   21h
my-release-redis-replicas-0         1/1     Running       5 (6h50m ago)   21h
emitter-fn-build-j46wc-6sx6v        0/1     Completed     0               14m
emitter-fn-nkzkg-78cd47cd78-lxbms   1/1     Running       1 (13m ago)     14m
```

Expose emitter Function via port-forward and send a few messages to populate redis list.

```sh
kubectl port-forward -n redis svc/emitter-fn  8080:80
```

Send a few messages via POST request towards emitter-fn

```sh
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"msg":"hello1"}' localhost:8080
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"msg":"hello2"}' localhost:8080
curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d '{"msg":"hello3"}' localhost:8080

> ```

Reviewer: Please add three spaces in line 66. When I try to add it as a suggestion, they disappear.

processor-scaled-job-66jjn-wjgjr    0/1     Completed     0             12s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     Pending       0             0s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     Pending       0             0s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     Pending       0             0s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     Pending       0             0s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     ContainerCreating   0             0s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     ContainerCreating   0             0s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    1/1     Running             0             2s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    1/1     Running             0             2s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     Completed           0             3s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     Completed           0             3s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     Completed           0             5s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     Completed           0             5s
processor-scaled-job-vn4lg-g694x    0/1     Completed           0             6s
processor-scaled-job-n68tp-x2p64    0/1     Completed           0             6s
```

> By inspecting logs of the jobs you should see all messages were processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you inspect the jobs logs, you should see that all messages have been processed.
```

> ```sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sh
```

> kubectl logs -n redis -l scaledjob.keda.sh/name=processor-scaled-job -f

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   kubectl logs -n redis -l scaledjob.keda.sh/name=processor-scaled-job -f
```

> Processing started for hello2.. will finish in 8283ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Processing started for hello2.. will finish in 8283ms
```

> Processing started for hello3.. will finish in 1523ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Processing started for hello3.. will finish in 1523ms
```

> Processing started for hello1.. will finish in 8969ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Processing started for hello1.. will finish in 8969ms
```

> ```

Reviewer: Please add three spaces in line 102. When I try to add it as a suggestion, they disappear.
